Repite la frase en los espacios.
What I would do...
What I would do is talk to the boss first.
I think that.
I think that we should leave early.
I don't think that.
I don't think that it's a good idea.
That is to say...
That is to say we should be more careful.
I mean, I mean, I mean.
It wasn't what we expected.
I mean, it wasn't what we expected.
I have...
I have an exit tomorrow.
I did that several times.
I did that several times before I learned.
I was going to do.
I was going to do the homework, but I
fell asleep.
I was gonna do the homework, but I fell asleep.
But I fell asleep.
I was.
I was in the meeting when you called.
I was very shy when I was a child.
I didn't know.
was another meeting today i didn't know
there was another meeting today yesterday
i didn't want yesterday i didn't want
yesterday i didn't want to yesterday i
didn't want to yesterday i didn't want to
go out because it was raining yesterday i
didn't want to go out because it was
raining yesterday i didn't want to go out
because it was raining so that it isn't
so that it isn't so that it isn't so that
it isn't difficult let's do it step by
step so that it isn't difficult let's do
it step by step but what i wanted to say
but what i wanted to say but what i
wanted to say is that everyone should be
prepared but what i wanted to say is that
everyone should be prepared i want to
know i want to know i want to know what
you think about the project i want to
know what I want to know what you think
about the project.
Tell me.
Tell me what you need for tomorrow.
If I were Valeria, if I were Valeria, I
would take a break.
I would take a break.
I want to learn how to play the guitar
because I don't know how to do it.
Because I don't know how to do it.
I can't start because I don't know how to
do it.
Because when I study, I focus better.
Because I want to be better every day.
Excuse me, please.
I need to get through.
Several times.
I've tried that several times.
Many times.
I've been to that place many times.
Sometimes.
Sometimes I go for a walk in the afternoon.
Once in a while.
Once in a while, I like to read poetry.
Some people.
Some people prefer coffee without sugar.
For example.
I like fruits.
For example, apples.
I agree with.
I agree with your point of view.
I don't agree.
i don't agree with that decision i don't
agree with that decision yes of course
yes of course yes of course do you want
help yes of course yes of course i
understand i understand i understand i
understand i understand what you're
saying i understand what you're saying i
don't understand i don't understand i
don't understand i don't understand how
this works i don't understand how this
works what do you mean what do you mean
by that what do you mean what do you mean
however however however however we need
another option however we need another go
years ago years ago i lived in another
city years ago i lived in another city
first of all first of all first of all i
want to thank you first of all i want to
thank you i don't believe that i don't
believe that i don't believe that i don't
believe that's true i don't believe
that's true i believe that i believe that
i believe that i believe that i believe
that i believe that we can't i believe
that we can't i believe that we can do it
i believe that we can do it what i meant
meant what i meant is you should have
more children what i meant is you should
have more children.
What do you want me to do?
Eso fue todo.
Debes ver este video varias veces.
Tienes que estar viéndolo varias veces
para que se te pueda grabar.